they swarm around ponds on a hot summer
day they can't resist the smell of your
sugar filled soda they jump crawl fly
and just give us all the creeps in
general these critters may be small but
they can be lethal so watch out
it's a two-year-old rugrat yeah it's
worse than that when I tell you about a
creature so dangerous that it's the
number one human killer on earth you'll
probably imagine the usual suspects like
sharks bears or lions but no you can
easily squish this little guy with just
a finger any guesses as to what that
might be
yep it's the mosquito those very insects
that you know as mere sleep disturbers
buzzing around your ears at night sure
it's annoying if you get bit by a
mosquito but no big deal right
well not so much once you consider the
fact that these buzzing nuisances carry
a variety of diseases some of the most
well-known are malaria yellow fever
dengue fever and West Nile virus these
and many other life-threatening
illnesses are transferred to humans
through a mosquito spout like mouth when
it pierces your skin and sucks your
blood Wow gross these disease spreading
vampires claim an average of 750,000
human lives every year and malaria is
responsible for about half of those
deaths as for those scary sharks we see
in horror flicks they only take about
six human lives a year so yeah maybe
film directors should take note and make
a movie about mosquitoes instead
mosquitoes aren't the only underrated
killers out there if you have a cat or
dog I'm sure you already know where I'm
going with my next point
yeah fleas these creatures border on
microscopic in size but can become a
gigantic inconvenience
once they've infested your pets warm
cozy fur like mosquitoes fleas also
feast on blood for survival they prefer
animal blood to humans but this doesn't
mean they won't have a taste if given
the opportunity
they're itchy bite is usually more of a
nuisance but they've been known to carry
more serious diseases like typhus and
the bubonic plague yes you heard that
correctly that thing that wiped out most
of Europe in the 14th century yeah that
one anyway just make sure to keep your
furry friends up to date with their tick
and flea prevention oh that's right
another tiny vampire we should fear is
the tick both pet owners and hiking
enthusiasts know all about these
annoying little critters the problem
with a tick is that it too is small
enough to drink its fill of your blood
before you become aware of its presence
in fact a tick may have already left its
host before the symptoms of disease
start showing up oh yeah and about those
diseases there's more than you can
imagine with 900 different tick species
across the globe they come up with their
own smorgasbord of illnesses although
the word tick has become synonymous with
Lyme disease there's also Rocky Mountain
spotted fever tick paralysis typhus
relapsing fever
Bobby theosis should I keep going okay
you get it try to stay away from these
nasty little killers let's take a break
from the bloodsuckers for now and
quickly move on to a creature that
doesn't move so quickly
who doesn't love swimming in freshwater
lakes or jumping into a cool river to
escape the summer heat ah
yet again dear outdoor adventurer I have
to warn you against the dreaded
freshwater snail yeah you heard me right
one of the deadly creatures on this list
is a snail but hey these freshwater
inhabitants can be carriers of a
parasitic worm called schistosomiasis
once it infects the human body it causes
intense abdominal pain and blood in the
stool or urine ill and can you believe
that a snail could cause over 20,000
deaths a year the couch potato lifestyle
is starting to sound more and more
appealing well the next seemingly cute
little fellow that you should stay far
away from goes by many names the
southern flannel moth
the woolly slug a puss caterpillar boy
that's a beauty contest huh
well whatever alias it likes to dawn
you'll recognize this bug by its
luxurious hair like spines these furry
spines are actually what it uses to
protect itself contact with this fluffy
looking creature causes almost instant
skin irritation with pain so severe that
some people say it feels like getting a
broken ball along with the pain comes
swelling burning nausea headache
blisters rash chest pain numbness and
difficulty breathing sounds like an
alphabet soup of no thanks I'll pass
another deceptive insect is the kissing
bug the name is almost as deceiving as
the seemingly fluffy fur of the woolly
slug it's also known as the assassin
body but it probably prefers to go by
the more flattering nomenclature anyway
we're back to the bloodsuckers but this
insects vampiric bite isn't the biggest
threat not unless you have a serious
allergic reaction to it no the issue
here is the bugs poop their fecal matter
can contain a deadly parasite that
causes Chagas disease and I know we're
wondering so here are the very
unpleasant symptoms hmm muscle aches and
fever as well as heart and digestive
failure really thinking I'll never leave
my house again
but wait have you found another
centipede in your house oh brother what
then well I'm not talking about those
little brown ones that send you running
when you notice one in the bathtub
those aren't considered dangerous to
humans although they can't bite I'm
talking about the bigger ones the ones
whose bite is extremely painful and
comes along with swelling redness
headache nausea vomiting skin necrosis
palpitations and anxiety wouldn't you
have anxiety in severe cases a centipede
bite can even lead to fatal heart attack
if it's not treated in time well anyone
who has spent some time on the Internet
has seen all those memes about creatures
in Australia wanting to kill you the
saddest thing is that it seems kind of
true the land down under is home to some
of the deadliest creatures on the planet
and that includes the funnel-web spider
if being one of the world's most
venomous spiders out there wasn't enough
this eight-legged nightmare inducing
monster can also survive underwater for
several hours if a person gets bit they
can expect swelling confusion I'm sorry
what was that
oh yeah muscle spasms and eventual
progressive hypotension that can result
in death so if you ever do find yourself
wanting to save a spider from drowning
on Australia you might want to think
twice now unless you're allergic bees
aren't usually life-threatening but
that's just about normal bees as for the
Africanized bees which is a result of
crossbreeding the European honeybee with
the East African honey bee they can do
some real damage even if you're not
allergic the Africanized bee also known
as the Killer Bee is more defensive than
other honeybee species which usually
only sting as a last resort
killer bees react to any kind of threat
much quicker than other bees and swarm
together to protect their hive meaning
that a person can receive up to 10 times
more stings than with typical beads
these super aggressive buzzers have been
known to chase down their victims for up
to a quarter of a mile and they've taken
their fair share of victims both human
and animal
maybe we shouldn't crossbreed any more
venomous creatures they didn't really
turn out too good this time around
speaking of bees another airborne
attacker is the Hornet Hornets can be
aggressive at the slightest provocation
but just imagine a Japanese giant Hornet
coming after you their sting is so
painful that it will send you straight
to the hospital even if you're not
allergic the stings can still be fatal
if enough venom is injected and if you
do have an allergy well it's not your
day
anaphylactic shock is a head getting
stung
10 times guarantees that a person will
need medical attention in the rare but
possible case of being stung more than
30 times a patient will require
emergency medical treatment the painful
venomous sting can cause kidney failure
which means death if not treated
I wonder if their honey is any good has
anybody gotten close enough to check one
more flying terror is the titi fly these
pesky blood suckers are the largest
African flies and inhabit the more
tropical areas of the continent like
some of the other parasites that rely on
drinking blood for survival
the titi fly can transfer a dangerous
disease to people called human sleeping
sickness no it doesn't help you sleep at
night in the first stage of the disease
people experience flu-like symptoms
including fever and headaches only after
weeks or even a few months does the
second stage begin with confusion
numbness and problems with nighttime
sleep the good news is that treatment
and intervention has reduced the
fatality rate tremendously from around
34,000 people in 1990 to 3,500 in 2015
and this number continues to drop so
when it comes to deadly creatures it
looks like having modern medicine on our
side is definitely a good thing but
still stay far away from any of the
critters on this list just to play it
safe so which of these creepy creatures
scares you the most the rug rat let me
know down in the comments I'm still
trying to get the image of that spider
out of my head personally and remember
to give this video a like share it with
your friends and click subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life